[Cloud] Managing pollers (#2819)
centreon/centreon-documentation: cloud/installation/poller-upgrade.md

---
id: poller-upgrade
title: Upgrading a poller
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Poller version

To know the exact version of your poller, run the following command:

```shell

> rpm -qa |grep centreon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rpm -qa | grep centreon-poller
```

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> This procedure describes how to upgrade a poller from one major version to another (e.g. from 23.04.x to 23.10.y).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This procedure describes how to update a poller from one minor version to another (e.g. from AA.BB.xx to AA.BB.yy).
```
Is it more common to use this kind of syntax?
